It really is.
Yes, summer vacation has been found out
Li Tianba was killed by Xu Runjie
In addition, the death of Uncle Liu
It has something to do with the burning down of the Liu family
This Xu Wenjie
What the hell is going on?
Hello Mr. Zhao
I am Ke Xin from the Song family in Yuncheng
What's the matter
Mr. Zhao
I have something very important to report to you
Your subordinates
Li Tianba and Uncle Liu were robbed and killed by Xue
Now I already know
Hey, Mr. Zhao
I have something else to report to you
Tonight is the first time
Will be sent to the restaurant in the sky for a banquet for Xu Wenjie
At that time, the Shen family will also go back
You can catch them all in one go.
Very good, I will summon the Dragon God right away
What!
It's the 3,000 Dragon God bits.
Hundred Grandmasters
Top Ten Grandmasters
The famous dragon god
That's right, if you Ke family help me
I will support you as the second Li Tianba
Mr. Gao Mr. Gao
Ok you Xu Wenjie
I really appreciate it. Thank you.